# Snow Profiles

This directory contains the snow profiles used and genereated during the study.
Grouped by location, the profiles are are divided into `hand_profiles` and `snowpack_model_profiles`.

The files are named according to the scheme: `<location>_<date>_<options>.caaml`
The date is specified in the format `YYYY_MM_DD`.

The options are used to describe the profile in more detail. For example, if the profile was adjusted or alteres, the options indicate which changes have been made.
Generally, we use the following options:
- _NO OPTION_: The profile is the original profile from the field without any changes.
- `density`: The density of the layers was calculated and added according to Monti (2014). See [profile_preprocessing.py](scripts/profile_preprocessing.py) for more details.
- `density_snowpack_readin`: The snow profile with added density after SNOWPACK performed its internal processing. 
- `adjusted`: The profile was adjusted by hand to match the values measured in the field.
- `initial`: The initial profile at the beginning of the season without any snow. (No date is specified)
- `season`: The profile generated by SNOWPACK for an AWS-based simulation starting from the beginning of the season. (Also available as PRO-File)
- `model`: The profile was generated by the snowpack model based on the ini-files in the `ini_files` directory.
- `model_based_on_hand_<date>`: The profile was generated by the snowpack model based on a the hand-profile from the specified date.




## Hand Profiles
The hand profiles are profiles that were measured by hand in the field and then transfered into the CAAMLv6 format.

## Snowpack Model Profiles
The snowpack model profiles are profiles that were generated by the snowpack model runs based on the ini-files in the `ini_files` directory.